Any dog and mouse generation can not knock on the door
Feel free to enter my office?
Originally, your father said to come and apologize to me today
I guess forget it.
Your father is here today, you have to get out of here too
Wang Kesi, why did you call my dad here?
When do I have to report to you?
Dressed like a dog
I thought I could rise to fame without taking off my security suit
How can star fruit talk to Mr. Wang?
Lao Xu
I'm looking at your face
Otherwise, I will say a word casually
I can make this wimp unable to get along
So that he can't even pick up trash
Mr. Wang, the child is not sensible.
Xiaotao, come and apologize to Mr. Wang
Dad, you don't have to be afraid of him
I'm not who I used to be
It's different.
You used to be a security guard
Now? Just a bum?
Need
You are a dog that has been with me all my life
YES YES YES
Your son doesn't even deserve to be my dog
Wang Kais, don't go too far
If you hadn't relied on women to rise like my father
You can have today
Do you have any evidence?
Hey, I said Lao Xu
You keep saying I framed you
You show evidence
No, no, no, no.
Child nonsense wimp
Your son?
I can only be as useless as you for a lifetime
Today you father and son lick it clean together
I can pretend nothing happened
Or else hum
Junhao, haven't you made enough trouble?
We can't fight him, your father, I just lost
Been crushed by him for a lifetime
Do you want that too?